# Configuring File Services DNS using CLI

The DNS configuration is managed via the `puredns` command.

```bash
puredns list
Name        Domain       Nameservers    Services    Source  CA certificate group  CA certificate
management  acmedns.com  10.7.32.53     management  -       -                     -
                         192.168.0.1                                              
                         192.168.0.101      
```

By default, this contains the management DNS configuration. If no additional configuration is specified, this DNS configuration is also used for File Services.

You can edit the default DNS configuration; however, it is not recommended, as it is likely used for array management.

In many cases, the default DNS server used by the array cannot resolve File Services-related hostnames defined in Active Directory. In such cases, a separate DNS configuration for File Services is necessary.

Use the `puredns` command to add a File Services-specific DNS configuration:

```bash
puredns create --domain acmedomain.com --nameservers 10.0.0.11,192.168.0.1,1
92.168.0.101 --services file --source filevif0 file
```

The default network interface for communication with the DNS server is the `eth0` Ethernet network port. If this default port cannot communicate with the File Services-specific DNS servers, you can specify a different virtual network interface. In many cases, the file virtual network interface is used, as the Windows domain server’s DNS and Active Directory are typically on the same network.

**NOTE**: FlashArray allows only one management DNS configuration and one file DNS configuration.

You can use the `delete` and `setattr` commands of `puredns` to delete or edit existing DNS configurations.